BUILD.md, before:

1. Install the build tools
    1. node.js http://nodejs.org/ (or via your package manager)
    1. TypeScript http://www.typescriptlang.org/#Download

            npm install typescript

    1. PEG.js http://pegjs.majda.cz/

            npm install pegjs

1. Generate libjass.js

        tsc libjass.ts --out libjass.js --sourcemap --noImplicitAny --target ES5

1. Generate ass.pegjs.js

        pegjs --export-var "libjass.parser" ass.pegjs ass.pegjs.js

1. Set the URLs of the video and the ASS file in index.xhtml

        <video id="video" src=" <URL OF VIDEO HERE> " controls="">
        	<track src=" <URL OF SCRIPT HERE> " kind="metadata" data-format="ass" />
        </video>

1. Set the URLs of any fonts you want to make available in fonts.css

        @font-face {
        	font-family: " <NAME OF FONT HERE> ";
        	src: url(" <URL OF FONT HERE> ");
        }
for each font. The name of the font is what it's called in the ASS file.

1. Start your web server and navigate to index.xhtml in a browser.

***

The next steps are for building the minified file libjass.min.js, and are optional.

1. Minify libjass.js and ass.pegjs.js to libjass.min.js

    For example, use the following command-line for Microsoft AJAX Minifer:

        "C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft\Microsoft Ajax Minifier\ajaxmin.exe" libjass.js ass.pegjs.js -enc:in utf-8 -enc:out utf-8 -out libjass.min.js -comments:none -debug:false,console,libjass.debugMode,libjass.verboseMode -esc:true -inline:false -map:V3 libjass.min.js.map -strict:true

1. Prepend the license notice to libjass.min.js from any one of the TS files.

1. Change index.xhtml to use the minified file.
```
	<head>
		<title>&gt;2012 &gt;Streaman Animu</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="index.css" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="fonts.css" />
		<script src="libjass.min.js" />
		<script src="index.js" />
		<style id="animation-styles" type="text/css" />
	</head>
```

Commit message:

Added a Jakefile and package.json to make building easier. Just "npm install" to get both libjass.js and libjass.min.js
UglifyJS2 supports composed source maps, so it's no longer necessary to run with individual .js files for each .ts file.

BUILD.md, after:

1. Install node.js from http://nodejs.org/ or via your package manager

1. Change to the directory where you cloned this repository.

1. Run the following command

        npm install

    This will install the dependencies - [Jake](https://github.com/mde/jake), [PEG.js](http://pegjs.majda.cz/), [TypeScript](http://www.typescriptlang.org/) and [UglifyJS2](https://github.com/mishoo/UglifyJS2). It will then run Jake to build libjass.js and use UglifyJS2 to minify it into libjass.min.js

1. Set the URLs of the video and the ASS file in index.xhtml

        <video id="video" src=" <URL OF VIDEO HERE> " controls="">
        	<track src=" <URL OF SCRIPT HERE> " kind="metadata" data-format="ass" />
        </video>

1. Set the URLs of any fonts you want to make available in fonts.css

        @font-face {
        	font-family: " <NAME OF FONT HERE> ";
        	src: url(" <URL OF FONT HERE> ");
        }
for each font. The name of the font is what it's called in the ASS file.

1. Start your web server and navigate to index.xhtml in a browser.

***

### Alternative ways to minify

* UglifyJS2 via command line

        uglifyjs libjass.js --source-map libjass.min.js.map --in-source-map libjass.js.map --output libjass.min.js --mangle --compress

* Microsoft AJAX Minifer:

        "C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft\Microsoft Ajax Minifier\ajaxmin.exe" libjass.js ass.pegjs.js -enc:in utf-8 -enc:out utf-8 -out libjass.min.js -comments:none -debug:false,console,libjass.debugMode,libjass.verboseMode -esc:true -inline:false -map:V3 libjass.min.js.map -strict:true


These commands will not preserve the license notice header in the minified file. Remember to prepend the license notice to libjass.min.js from libjass.js or any one of the TS files.
